Support Decimal fields while deserializing. (#903)
plone/plone.restapi: docs/source/usage/serialization.md

| `DateTime("2015/11/23 19:45:55")`    | `"2015-11-23T19:45:55"` |

## Decimal Type

The [Python Decimal type](https://docs.python.org/3/library/decimal.html) supports correctly rounded decimal floating point arithmetic.

> To keep the precision serialization results in a string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To keep the precision, serializing the value to JSON results in a string.
```
